Change outdir and savedir to not use pkgdir (#804)
CliMA/ClimaLand.jl: experiments/README.md

output directory of `example_outdir`. When run, if the directory does
not exist relative to the working directory, then `example_outdir` is created. The results of the latest experiment
run will be saved into `example_outdir/output_xxx`, where xxxx is an increasing counter. The lower indices store the outputs of previous runs. The latest results are also linked to
in `example_outdir/output_active`, which can be assumed to always contain the most recent ouput. More details on this style of output directory handeling
can be found [here](https://clima.github.io/ClimaUtilities.jl/dev/outputpathgenerator/#ActiveLinkStyle-(Non-Destructive))

### benchmarks

The experiments in experiments/benchmarks generate and save files relative to the working directory.
When a benchmark is run, its outputs are saved using `ActiveLinkStyle` into (benchmark_name)\_benchmark\_(device_suffix).

### long_runs

The expirements in experiments/long_runs save its image outputs to (experiment_name)\_longrun\_(device_suffix).
All other outputs are saved using `ActiveLinkStyle` to (experiment_name)\_longrun\_(device_suffix)/global_diagnostics.

### integrated and standalone

> Th experiments in experiments/long_runs and experiments/standalone have save paths that use `ActiveLinkStyle` and assume the experiments are being run from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The experiments in experiments/long_runs and experiments/standalone have save paths that use `ActiveLinkStyle` and assume the experiments are being run from
```

In our CI pipeline we use the environment defined by ClimaLand.jl/.buildkite/Manifest.toml and associate Project.toml.  From ClimaLand.jl, run

``` bash
julia --project=.buildkite path_to_experiment_script
```

## Experiment Output Paths

> Many of the outputs from the experiments are saved using a non-destructive approach called
> `ActiveLinkStyle`. Each experiment has some unique save directory. For example, an experiment might have an
> output directory of `example_outdir`. When ran, if the directory does
> not exist relative to the working directory, then `example_outdir` is created. The results of the latest experiment
> run will be saved into `example_outdir/output_xxx`, where xxxx is the greatest
> index. The lower indices store the outputs of previous runs. The latest results are also linked to
> in `example_outdir/output_active`. More details on this style of output directory handeling
> can be found [here](https://clima.github.io/ClimaUtilities.jl/dev/outputpathgenerator/#ActiveLinkStyle-(Non-Destructive))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the outputs from the experiments are saved using a non-destructive approach called
`ActiveLinkStyle`. Each experiment has some unique save directory. For example, an experiment might have an
output directory of `example_outdir`. When run, if the directory does
not exist relative to the working directory, then `example_outdir` is created. The results of the latest experiment
run will be saved into `example_outdir/output_xxx`, where xxxx is an increasing counter. The lower indices store the outputs of previous runs. The latest results are also linked to
in `example_outdir/output_active`, which can be assumed to always contain the most recent ouput. More details on this style of output directory handeling
can be found [here](https://clima.github.io/ClimaUtilities.jl/dev/outputpathgenerator/#ActiveLinkStyle-(Non-Destructive))
```

### benchmarks

The experiments in experiments/benchmarks generate and save files relative to the working directory.
When a benchmark is run, its outputs are saved using `ActiveLinkStyle` into (benchmark_name)\_benchmark\_(device_suffix).

### long_runs

The expirements in experiments/long_runs save its image outputs to (experiment_name)\_longrun\_(device_suffix).
All other outputs are saved using `ActiveLinkStyle` to (experiment_name)\_longrun\_(device_suffix)/global_diagnostics.

### integrated and standalone

Th experiments in experiments/long_runs and experiments/standalone have save paths that use `ActiveLinkStyle` and assume the experiments are being run from
the ClimaLand.jl directory. If run from the ClimaLand.jl directory, then the outputs of an experiment will be saved into
the same directory the experiment script is found in. Otherwise the outputs will be saved to

> the path of the script relative to the ClimaLand.jl directory.

Reviewer: Why do they have to be run from the ClimaLand.jl directory?
